Objectives: Practice writing classes with dynamic memory, Practice operator overloading, Apply the Rule of Three

On February 18, 2021, we celebrated the landing of the latest Mars rover, Perseverance. 
The Perseverance rover is a remarkable feat of science and engineering. Engineers must optimize every aspect of their design to accommodate strict requirements for space vehicles. In fact, due to reliability specifications, Perseverance is powered by a 20 year old processor!
For this assignment, assume you are on a team of engineers working on a sophisticated chemical composition analysis system for a new Mars rover. This rover will have even more advanced automation and learning capabilities than previous ones, and the chemical analysis tool is a key part of its ability to study the martian surface. The rover uses the Simplified molecular-input line-entry system (SMILES) to store and operate on chemical data. SMILES are string representations of 3 dimensional molecular structures, enabling computational software to model complex structures in a format that is easy to store and use. Your team discovers that the program isn’t running correctly on the rover, and you’ve identified the problem is tied to memory. Specifically, the rover doesn’t have quite enough memory to load the full program. Rather than remove core functionality, you’ve discovered that just removing some library code frees up enough resources to make the program run.
You must implement a custom MyString object that will mimic the standard C++ string object for certain functions. To facilitate this, we have provided a sample “test” rover which is nothing more than some simple functions to call your MyString object. We will read a set of basic commands from a file to simulate the chemical composition tool. Note that you must not use the library string or vector classes since that would defeat the purpose of MyString.
